
Long-term
- Use Google maps API for home map. 
- Use streamlit to deploy app. 



Short-term
- Clicking the name of the website should bring the user to home.
- Add a button that lets users manually add and edit pins to the map (Like the ones that appear after the AI plan is accepted) on manually created days in Home. The way it should work is You click "Add pin" on the day, a pin appears on the map with the day number and dthen instead of "Add pin" it will now be "Edit pin"  and after that is pressed the user can move that secific pin around in the map, then by going to the day again he'll be able to "Save pin location" or delete the pin altogether. 

The Feature: The app calculates the total debt between friends in a shared trip.
The UI: A clean "Settlement" dashboard showing: "Andrés owes Maria 45€" with a "Settle Up" button.

answers to questions: 

Who is this for? (Just you? Friends/family who travel together? Public?) initially this was supposed to be for me and my girlfriend. the idea then evolved and I thought "Why not make this  for my group of friends and family?" but after telling them and showing the prototype, the reactions were so good that I would love to eventually get more and more people on it. I don't think anything has been tried on this scale before, and if it's clean and powerful it can be a real thing for the market.
What's the killer feature in your mind — the one thing that, if done perfectly, makes the app worth using? Ithink the killer feature are actually 3: The sharing trips/plans/memories with friends is probably top 1. A social network of sorts where people see where their friends hve been in a more meaningful way and not just pictures but the actual routes and plans and journals they've been to. The second is most likely the Expense managment/budgeting functionality. This brings real use, and maybe by sharing how much it cost me to go to mongolia someone else might want to take that as a real challenge. a lot of people go to social media jsut to see how much things cost in trips, why not actually bet on this in the Great getaway? the third one is just overall planning trips and recording plans accorfding to worldwide recommendations. I feel that advertising in today's world has become so shallow and inorganic, that this app is awesome because the adds would be organic. I would actually love to know about mroe businesses that work boats in the greek islands when planning for a trip there than to have to search for them there. I definetely don't want to see them when I'm scrolling instagram though. That's the power of the GG can have (The GG short for the great getaway)
What's the most-used flow? (Adding expenses during a trip? Planning before? Reminiscing after?)Flow will probably be, plan for a trip (Manually or with AI) check different routes, flights eventually etc. Then add expenses during the trip and photos, tickets, all of it. Then probably sharing with others. But before all that people woll already be checking others' profiles for tips and stuff. 
What's the aesthetic target? Apple Notes / Linear / Instagram / Robinhood / something specific?Apple-esque with a bit of instagram. Clean, sharp, and modern. Mostly white on blue I'm thinking, but other colours when it makes sense. Love the liquid glass theme on buttons and pop-up pannels, and feel like minimalism is the way to go but with user friendly tabs that don't leave users thinking for half an hour on where to go next.
What features in the current code are you meh on and could see removed? I think the tables I have right now for adding the files or customizing your own format are not yet where I want them to be, but they are necessary. 
What's missing that you've been wanting to build but haven't? Modules. For businesses, for flights, for activities. The app has a lot of potential. Also a feed where people share photos, journals, whole trips etc. and also a functionality for multiple countries per trip & a module that allows people to not only get & show off badges and achievments of the countries they've been in, but also of trips within countries, so that internal tourism is also accounted for. 
When you imagine a friend opening the app for the first time, what do you want them to feel in the first 10 seconds? "Wow this looks modern & simple. Let me plan a trip to see how this can benefit me" I want people to feel this is something they can trust for traveling.



*Backups:* 

"Revert the codebase back to the 'Savepoint: Original dashboard with new New Trip modal' commit" - For saved version 1.0

"Return to the snapshot 2d5f92b" To version 2.0

"Please revert the entire codebase to the state at commit 8ef83e6. This is the final polished version with square Liquid Glass modals, standardized input widths, and inline day name editing." Version 3.0

Savepoint: V1.0 AI Planner successfully migrated to main with backend security

"Please revert the entire codebase to the state at commit cf7c7e0. This is the Final Working AI Planner V2.0 with Gemini 2.5 Flash and no travel styles." Version 4.0
